SurveyMaker by Curtis Dyreson <curtis@cs.jcu.edu.au> 
 
SurveyMaker is a system to put surveys onto the WWW.  This is the 
SurveyMaker installation package.  You should do the following
to get it working.  You need to have PERL version 5.0 or above.

0) If you don't already have it, get CGI.pm off of the WWW.  It should
   be VERSION 5.0 or above!  

1) Edit SurveyMakerinstall - configure the short configuration section at the
   start to what your system requires.

2 OPTIONAL) Configure MyDB.pm to use something other than BSD dbm files.
   I have included a MyTextDB.pm that uses a TextDB file (a text dbm 
   file that should work on any machine), but basically you have to 
   make sure that your machine supports the kind of dbm file that you
   configure MyDB with (BSD is a great dbm, GDBM is good too).

3) make install - This runs the SurveyMakerinstall script and puts files into
   CGI-bin directories and other directories as needed.

4) Copy the files in the pm/ directory to the directory that you specified
   in the configuration.  Make sure that the WWW user can read these pm/
   files.

5 OPTIONAL) Edit Makefile - Configure the short configuration section at
  the start to what your system requires, this is only for the example.

6 OPTIONAL) make example - This builds the example.  Now you are off and
  running.

The installation package contains the following files:

Makefile -- obvious
SurveyMakerinstall -- installation script in Perl (YOU WILL EDIT THIS!)
SurveyMaker.proto -- prototype for SAMaker to configure during make install
marker.proto -- prototype for CGI-bin script to configure during make install
poster.proto -- prototype for CGI-bin script to configure during make install
reviewer.proto -- prototype for CGI-bin script to configure during make install
starter.proto -- prototype CGI-bin script to configure during make install
stats.proto -- prototype CGI-bin script to configure during make install
regrader.proto -- prototype CGI-bin script to configure during make install
example.tex -- an example lesson
pm -- a list of useful pm that the scrips use
MyDB.pm -- a dbm interface configured to use BSD
MyTextDB.pm -- a dbm interface configured to use a homegrown TextDB
my.Makefile -- The kind of Makefile a guru like Tony Sloane uses for his 
               surveys. A make example.html will do everything for you but 
               brush your teeth
